Brother Xiong, stand and sit down, it's all here
sit
Here is
Shenlong borrowed 5 years overseas general ledger Mingxin
You can only watch it once according to your request.
It will be automatically destroyed later.
I will personally give it to Brother Haha in the evening.
No, nothing else.
You have important things to do
Go check the madman
The sooner the better.
Brother Xiong, do you suspect that there is something wrong with the lunatic?
Don't tell anyone you're going to kill yourself
Now report directly to me
I'm on my way.
And so forth.
I want a madman to see you
Come for tea
Gangko, you are a brother I trust very much
I want to share some things about this villa
Leave it to you
Big brother promises not to disappoint you
This is the overseas tent of the villa.
I want you to go to Buckingham Clubhouse
Hand it over to Brother Haha in person.
OK
What's in here
It's about the fate of me and the villa
And it will be automatically destroyed after opening.
If there is an emergency, destroy it immediately.
As soon as I entered the villa, let me deliver such an important thing
What kind of medicine is sold in this dog bear gourd?
OK